Project config overview updates (#712)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/project-configuration/builds.mdx

## Introduction

A supergraph build is a fully-functional, immutable [supergraph](/basics/core-concepts.mdx#supergraph) API which is
generated based on your project's configuration.

Supergraph builds can be used to incrementally test your project's API with a unique build URL. 

While there can be many supergraph builds for a project, only one can be **applied** at a time. The applied supergraph
build is the one that is currently serving your API from the project's endpoint.

You can create a supergraph build locally or in the cloud on Hasura DDN.

They are lightweight and can be created as often as you like to check your changes.

> The format of a build is not something you will need to be concerned with, or need to edit, but it is set of large JSON objects which describes the supergraph.

Reviewer: On first read, this made me feel like:

> You're not smart enough to understand what a build is...don't worry about it.

To we need to say this? Could we get away with saying something like:

```suggestion
Builds are simply a large set of JSON objects that describe the supergraph. The Hasura engine then uses this description to serve your API.
```
